[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Lisa Barnett is with us, the
founder of the Akashic Knowing
School of Wisdom,
quantum healer,
and an international bestselling
author of "Your Soul Has
a Plan--
Awaken to your Life Purpose
Through Your Akashic Records."
Lisa, welcome to the show.
>>LISA BARNETT:
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: And how have you been?
>>BARNETT: Fabulous.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: By the way, when
you were on "Coast to Coast"
with me some time
ago and Lisa Garr,
you did such an amazing job.
We're still getting
emails about you.
>>BARNETT: Thank you.
I just love being on your show.
>>NOORY: Well, done.
How did you get involved
in the Akashic Records?
>>BARNETT: Well, I
was born very awake,
and so I started
studying spirituality
when I was a teenager.
And one thing led to another.
And at some point, I started
hearing big, booming voices.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>BARNETT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What did
these voices tell you?
>>BARNETT: They started giving
me this expansive information
like I never had before.
And it took a long
time to figure out
where it was coming
from because, well,
back then no one knew
about the Akashic Records.
This was many, many,
many years ago.
And so I just kept
hit or missing it,
and eventually,
I figured it out.
>>NOORY: And we'll
get into that, too.
Your book is called
"Your Soul has a Plan."
What's our plan?
>>BARNETT: Well, your
plan is to learn and grow,
and to support humanity, and to
share your gifts and talents.
And so we write a
complicated plan that way.
>>NOORY: What is a soul to you?
>>BARNETT: Oh.
Well, a soul is the infinite
individuated aspect of source
that goes on this
phenomenal journey
and eventually returns home
becoming one with source again.
>>NOORY: Is it a good
thing or a bad thing?
>>BARNETT: A soul
is a great thing.
It's part of source.
It's part of the life.
>>NOORY: If it's
handled properly.
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] Well--
>>NOORY: When the
soul leaves the body,
what happens to the body?
>>BARNETT: Well, the
body turns back-- ashes
to ashes, dust to dust.
And we make a contract
with the physical form,
with this kind of body suit
to ride around and have
these experiences.
So it's pretty fascinating.
There's a soul that contracts
with the physical form,
and that's what we
are really as humans.
>>NOORY: Does every
human have a soul?
>>BARNETT: I believe so.
>>NOORY: You kind of
hedged yourself there.
How come?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS]
Well, you know,
I have not met any humans
that do not have souls.
Although, I
occasionally will hear
tell that there are
bodies without souls.
>>NOORY: What's a soul
contract and a soul plan?
What's the difference?
>>BARNETT: So the
contract is when
I say I'm going to make
a contract with you
to share this wisdom.
The soul plan is
the huge plan that
includes all of those
contracts and all sorts
of other information.
>>NOORY: Why do we have souls
in the first place, Lisa?
>>BARNETT: Well,
source decided it
wanted to experience all of
the phenomenal universes,
multiverses that it has
been creating always.
And in order to
do that, that took
kind of individuating an
aspect of source, which we now
consider our soul.
And the souls are huge.
And there's thousands of
aspects even of a soul.
So we're more complicated
than we ever imagined.
>>NOORY: Let's use
you as an example.
How often do you
tap into your soul?
Do you communicate with it?
>>BARNETT: So often, when we
go into the Akashic Records,
we are looking into aspects
of our soul, who our soul has
been, what our soul has done.
>>NOORY: Over the
course of time?
>>BARNETT: Over
the course of time.
So I do also occasionally
talk to aspects
of my soul, which would be my
soul in a different vehicle,
maybe on a different planet.
>>NOORY: Do you believe
in reincarnation?
>>BARNETT: Absolutely.
That's what got that library.
>>NOORY: Does the same
soul that we possess
reincarnate along with us, or
do we get a different soul?
>>BARNETT: Nope.
One soul-- thousands of lives.
>>NOORY: But why does this one
soul complicate things so much?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] Because
we're really infinite souls.
I believe we last
forever, right?
And so just as if this
body lasted forever,
I'd go to different countries.
I would probably
get married a lot.
>>NOORY: 10 times, right?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] Right.
So it's really the experience.
And so we're having a
phenomenal experience
by having our soul embody
in different physical forms
on the Earth and
in other realms.
>>NOORY: Why was the soul
created in the first place
by source, as you call it?
I'll call it God.
>>BARNETT: OK, yes.
I believe that God really
wanted to experience
the greatness that it is.
And so the only
way to do that was
to have that experience as maybe
a separate piece of itself.
>>NOORY: When someone is
good, when someone is bad,
is it the soul
that's doing that?
What is creating that?
>>BARNETT: So the way
the Record Keepers
explain it is that our soul
wants to experience everything.
And so sometimes it
comes and has fun,
and it's good and
helpful and supportive.
And sometimes it comes, and
it wreaks havoc in the world.
>>NOORY: A serial
killer, for example--
what's wrong with
that person's soul?
>>BARNETT: It is the same
soul that is experiencing
a very, very different reality.
So that soul that is so big,
at some point when they write
that plan they
say, I want to go,
and I want to have
this experience of what
we as humans call evil.
And I want to--
it may have some kind of plan--
what it's going to learn,
what it's going to do,
or how it's actually
going to wake up humanity.
And so I believe that we
as souls sometimes come in
with the intent to do bad,
to create something good.
>>NOORY: When is the
soul contract developed?
At birth?
>>BARNETT: Before you embody.
So you are saying, oh, I
want to come back to Earth.
This is a great time
to come to Earth.
And so we say, what gifts
do I want to bring to Earth?
Who will support me?
What am I going to do?
And so way pre-birth, you
write that whole plan out.
>>NOORY: Sometime in this
program toward the end,
you're going to do an
Akashic reading of me,
and we'll see what
that is and how
it works and stuff like that.
Can you tell when you
deal with somebody
how many lives they've had?
>>BARNETT: Well, I can ask
the Akashic Record Keepers,
absolutely.
>>NOORY: And who are
the Record Keepers?
>>BARNETT: So you
have a big library.
I like to imagine it like--
well, my library is very
beautiful with big stone
columns.
>>NOORY: Alexandria, right?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS]
Really beautiful and huge
because we live so
many thousands of lives
here on Earth and elsewhere.
So imagine you have thousands
and thousands of books
in your huge library, and you
have a team of librarians.
So not one guide, but you have
a half a dozen or more Akashic
Record Keepers who
keep that library
organized for you, who answer
the questions that you have.
So they're really our
beautiful, divine source team
helping us to understand what's
written in the Akashic Records.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
Can you update your soul
contract any time you want?
>>BARNETT: Not
any time you want.
We can update them, but they
are very kind of dependent
on your relationships and what's
happening in that relationship.
>>NOORY: You had a reading
with a client where
you cleared some soul contracts
from past lives regarding
money.
Let's look at that.
>>BARNETT: The Record Keeper
suggested we rewire your brain,
left and right hemispheres.
It feels like some of
what they're doing--
I'm kind of starting to see it.
They're removing some of the
program, which is interesting
because I often see a program
kind of as an energetic kind
of box or grid around us.
And so we'll definitely
ask if there's those also.
But these are-- look more
embedded in the brain.
They almost look more like--
I mean, if I was going
to say like a spot,
not that it's a spot on your
brain like in real life,
like it would be a bad thing.
But it's a programming.
It's something
that's in there that
is holding this belief that
you don't deserve money.
I mean, that's a
big one in there
that money is not good, also.
So that's kind of
the religious part.
>>SPEAKER 1: I've
got to tell you,
this is very strange because
my scalp is sort of tingling.
>>BARNETT: Oh,
interesting, right.
As they're starting to like--
>>SPEAKER 1: Literally, I
feel like there's just--
it's weird.
I just, you know.
>>BARNETT: Yeah.
So they're really
going also kind of back
through this quantum field of
no time space to your origins
of human embodiment.
And we just want to ask them
to clear all of those beliefs
that you're not good
enough, or you're not
able to receive money
for your talents,
or your gifts, or that--
or that money is bad
or evil or connected
in some way to the dark side.
So kind of let's clear all that.
>>NOORY: What happened two
weeks after this reading?
>>BARNETT: It was actually
fascinating because he called
me and he said
that the clients--
he had been working
with some clients
and hoping that they would
purchase what he is offering.
And it had been months and
months, and he was just,
I don't know, I'm so stuck.
No one's hiring me.
Nothing is happening.
I'm going to lose my house.
And the two clients that he
was waiting to hear from,
both came in and started
to work with him,
and really, quite
a few good things
started to happen for him by
clearing these old programs
and soul contracts.
And we actually have vows
of poverty that many of us
who have been on
spiritual journeys
through many lifetimes,
we have these vows again
and again and again, And
we can actually clear them.
>>NOORY: What possessed
him to want a reading?
>>BARNETT: He was kind of
at the end of his rope.
He really came to me a little
desperate, kind of like, well--
>>NOORY: This was
it for him, right?
>>BARNETT: This is it.
I'm afraid I'm going
to lose my house,
and I don't know what to do.
And I'm not getting any younger,
and so maybe you can help me.
And I did.
>>NOORY: And you
did, in a big way.
Was he happy?
>>BARNETT: Yes.
Yes, absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: The Akashic Records--
explain what they are.
>>BARNETT: So the
Akashic Records
are the recording of
your soul's journey
through all time
space continuum.
So when you individuated
from source,
and your soul went on
a journey, everything
is automatically recorded
in this etheric field
of the Akasha.
>>NOORY: Who puts
the Records together?
Are we doing it to ourselves?
>>BARNETT: No.
What we're doing is we
are having the experience,
and it's completely
organically recorded.
So I like to say if you imagined
that we had a little video
camera already
implanted in our head,
and everything was recorded
that you did every day--
everything you saw, your life,
was recorded moment to moment--
>>NOORY: Just like
"The Truman Show."
>>BARNETT: Right.
Right.
And then it was
uploaded to the cloud
every night while
you were sleeping,
and it got uploaded to-- and
then tomorrow you could say,
you know, I wonder what
I was doing 10 years ago?
Or I wonder what is
still affecting my moods?
Why am I depressed?
I wonder where that happened?
What happened in my life?
And you could go back and
watch all of those videos.
Although, we have the
Akashic Record Keepers.
We have these librarians.
We would ask them the question,
and they would go and look
for us for the answers.
>>NOORY: Is there always a
review, Lisa, when you die--
>>BARNETT: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: --of these Records?
>>BARNETT: Yes, absolutely
because we make a plan.
And then we want to
say, did I succeed?
How did I do with my plan?
>>NOORY: Do they tell you
things like, when you were 10,
you did this.
And then do you
see a video of it?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS]
I love that movie.
I don't think so.
I think it's much more as the
soul is going into these higher
realms, conversing with
their higher beings that
help us to write a plan,
and all of their souls
that we've been
with in this life.
And we say, how did I do?
Did I support you the way I
thought I could support you?
Or did I play a
bad guy well enough
that you got triggered
and healed that trauma?
So we have such big
complicated plans
that I think we review it
not only with higher guides,
but the souls that we were
playing on Earth with.
>>NOORY: Are the
Galactic Records
different from the
Akashic Records?
>>BARNETT: Well, mostly
the Akashic Records
are about our Earth journey.
And so, of course,
the Galactic Records
are about the Galactic journeys.
>>NOORY: Which sometimes
we do, don't we?
>>BARNETT: We absolutely do.
>>NOORY: Where did we come from?
>>BARNETT: Well,
after source, we
have been journeying around
in the multiverse forever.
So we all kind of
have some place
that we landed and maybe
lasted a very long time in.
But I believe that we are
all really ancient starseeds,
and we've gotten around.
>>NOORY: Like in
your particular case,
you chose to come to
good old planet Earth.
I chose to come to planet Earth.
Why?
>>BARNETT: Well, I
came to planet Earth
to help re-anchor the
Akashic Records for humanity
at this time in history.
Because if I ask
in my Records, they
say I had been an Akashic
Record Keeper in the beginning
of my soul's journey.
>>NOORY: Can we ever
purge the Akashic Records?
What if we did something
we didn't like,
or we weren't very
proud of in our life?
Can we clean them up?
>>BARNETT: We can clean
them up a little bit.
It is phenomenal
how we can transform
some of the energy that
has been completed,
which means that we
learned the lesson,
and we've shifted that energy.
We've been the lover,
the forgiveness.
And so that naturally
kind of cleans itself up.
So we don't go in and just
erase all those lifetimes
where we were a bad guy.
>>NOORY: Though we'd like to.
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS]
Though we might like to.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Some people say that
we're living in a Matrix,
that we're not real.
What do you think of that?
>>BARNETT: Well, it's a
fascinating conversation,
George, because what I get
in the Records is that we,
as these very huge, ancient
souls who come from way higher
dimensions-- we're in
the third dimension--
when we were in
the 12th dimension,
we said, hey, let's have
a different experience.
Let's stop being
one with source,
and let's come down into
a lower vibrational world.
And so we have created it.
But I believe that we,
an aspect of our soul,
does come into a body.
So kind of unlike the
movie "The Matrix,"
we're not living somewhere
else having a fake life.
We really are embodied,
having this kind
of dreamlike life without
a level of consciousness
of who we really are.
>>NOORY: What would
you say, Lisa,
is the most profound
experience you've
undertaken doing what you do?
>>BARNETT: There are times
when I am very blessed
to do a reading
for someone who is
a very ancient, big,
wise soul, and they
need some help to remember who
they are or why they've come.
Sometimes they feel stuck, too.
Like, we all get a little
stuck in our lives.
And so it's profound to
access these Records of people
that you see as
Galactic, angelic humans,
or ancient, wise
men and women who
have had thousands of lives.
And so it's profound to
see how big and experienced
we actually are as
these infinite souls
having experiences.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
run into an Akashic
Record you didn't want to see?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] That--
a fascinating question.
Not really.
I would say that everyone
has amazing information
and/or is really in need
of help and support.
And so I love to
support my clients
by going into their
Records and clearing
some of the
emotional trauma that
has them stuck in emotional
pain or lack or fear.
And so even those
really challenging
lives that some people
have had, we can help them.
You can help them
through the Akash.
>>NOORY: What is
a starseed, Lisa?
>>BARNETT: Well, a
starseed is someone
who comes from another
planet, place, dimension,
and we are all starseeds.
And so I think that's
really exciting for us
to realize we're not
just little earthlings
having a life or two.
We really are big
Galactic beings.
>>NOORY: What about aliens?
Are they in the same
ball game as we are?
>>BARNETT: Yeah, absolutely.
We are them.
So I would say
alien, starseeds--
we're really kind
of part and parcel
of other worlds, other
dimensions, other places
and planes.
>>NOORY: So I assume they have
their own Akashic Records, too.
>>BARNETT: Some of that is
written in our Akashic Records
because those are the lives
where we have lived in other
worlds as--
I remember, I always
loved the mermaid lives.
I'm very mer, I would say.
I'm from a big water
world, or-- that's
what I resonate with now.
>>NOORY: You do?
>>BARNETT: So when
I see myself--
yes-- as the-- as a merperson--
>>NOORY: You did come in
with flippers earlier.
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS]
I almost wish
I did because I love
the water so much.
I really--
>>NOORY: Flopping your way in.
>>BARNETT: Right.
You know, so it's
lovely to remember
these different kind of lives.
>>NOORY: I could have done
the interview with you
in an aquarium for all I know.
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] Right.
Where's my mer-outfit
when I need one?
>>NOORY: When you
were a little kid,
did you have these abilities?
>>BARNETT: Yes.
>>NOORY: I would guess you did.
Yes.
Very, very young I realized that
I was trapped back in a body,
and that was my reaction and my
realization, like, holy moly.
I'm trapped.
Here, I've got hands
again, and I could
remember not being in a body.
And so I was not really happy.
I used to tell my mom
I wanted to go back.
I'm like, I want to go home.
Where's home?
Takes me back.
>>NOORY: Do the Akashic
Records have just my life
that I'm living now?
Or does it have every
reincarnated life
mixed in together?
>>BARNETT: So every life
is mixed in that library
that we would call the
Akashic Record of George.
>>NOORY: So if we access
it-- if you access it,
you can see past lives, too?
>>BARNETT: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
>>BARNETT: So that's part of
what I usually would look at.
So we can look at
some past lives--
>>NOORY: Could I have been
a good guy or a bad guy?
>>BARNETT: We can
ask in your Records.
>>NOORY: How do
people handle that,
if you told them that
they did something
deplorable in another life?
>>BARNETT: Well, I try
and say it really nicely.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Tactfully?
Is there a tactful way to
say you were a murderer?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] I try.
People don't always
think I'm totally tactful
no matter how hard I try.
But really, sometimes
it's when we
think things like,
why would I have
such a painful, traumatic life?
And one of the
reasons is that we
are learning another
aspect of who we
have been in another lifetime.
>>NOORY: What is the
amnesia phenomenon?
>>BARNETT: So we-- we write
this big, complicated plan.
We have soul contracts.
We have gifts and talents.
We come in a body--
total amnesia.
And so it--
>>NOORY: There's
reason for that.
>>BARNETT: There is
really a reason for that.
It is because we want to
play this game full on.
We want to really know.
>>NOORY: I think it's also a
protection mechanism, isn't it?
>>BARNETT: Well, yes.
>>NOORY: If we knew
every past life
we would be totally confused.
>>BARNETT: We-- yes.
We could not walk
around with past lives
popping into our head.
>>NOORY: No.
In and out.
Did I know that person?
I forgot?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] Right.
I know.
I have some of that experience--
>>NOORY: That happens to you.
>>BARNETT: --in my life.
[LAUGHS] Yeah, it
can be confusing.
>>NOORY: What are some of
the benefits of knowing
some of our past lives?
>>BARNETT: Well--
>>NOORY: How could it help me?
>>BARNETT: So if you imagine
that in other lifetimes
you had gifts and talents,
say, of being a speaker,
of being a wisdom
keeper, and you
wanted to bring those
gifts from those lifetimes
into this life, that's part of
the soul plan you're writing.
>>NOORY: Maybe I was Guglielmo
Marconi and invented the radio.
Who knows?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS]
Who knows, right?
>>NOORY: It's possible.
>>BARNETT: It is
absolutely possible.
>>NOORY: When you do
readings on people,
are you very blunt with them?
Do you hold back?
>>BARNETT: I do.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: You do?
You hold back, or you--
>>BARNETT: In all honesty,
this is the way it works.
So when I get a download from
the Record Keepers I ask them,
is that appropriate
to say right now?
And I tell them whatever
the Record Keepers
tell me to tell them.
And so I try and say it nicely.
I will sometimes say
to the Record Keepers,
can you give me a better
way to say that that's not
so harsh or so shocking?
And so I try to be sensitive.
And I don't want to
upset them or hurt them.
But what I find is that
between the unconditional love
and energy of the Akashic
field and the Record Keepers,
and the love that
really comes through,
and the wisdom that comes
with that information,
they understand it.
They really can
understand why they
had that painful, challenging
thing happen to them,
or why they're
struggling in this life.
And so it opens their eyes and
helps them to make new choices
and move forward
with greater ease.
>>NOORY: How do our past lives,
Lisa, affect our current life?
>>BARNETT: So,
again, we say, oh, I
had a great relationship with
that person in a past life.
Maybe I'll marry them again.
So we write a
contract with them.
We say--
>>NOORY: That happens.
>>BARNETT: That's part
of your soul contracts
and your soul's plan.
We write all of that
into our soul plan.
We write in soul family members.
Like, oh, I would like to have
as my mother someone who's
part of my soul family.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now, you found some connections
of a multiple past lives
with a client related to
the work she does today.
Fascinating.
>>BARNETT: But what
I'm hearing more
is-- and this is
kind of interesting,
because it's very old.
It's very connected
to the flooding
and to Atlantis and the
great Atlantean flood.
And so what I'm hearing
is there's a whole part
of that, that you were there.
You were in Atlantis
during the flood.
And it's actually connected
to some of your purpose,
your big purpose, which is--
sometimes shows up like a job.
And often, it doesn't.
But that purpose is about
helping to stop that
from happening again--
helping to plan so that we don't
wipe out coasts and lose half
of our country, like
the whole South,
or like New Orleans and
these kind of places.
I see the floodwaters rising,
and they're showing it to me
more like in Atlantis than here,
but they're really equating it
to what has happened, what is
happening, what a lot of people
are not talking about.
>>SPEAKER 2: Yeah.
That makes a lot of sense
because specifically what I do
is flood resilience planning.
And I work with helping
communities, cities,
counties adapt to
sea level rise,
as well as storm water and
precipitation flooding.
So it makes a lot of sense.
>>BARNETT: Right.
Like, wow.
Like, you know so
much more about this.
I'm just seeing
this water rising.
And they're saying this
is connected to Atlantis
and the great floods.
And you, as a
soul, saying, we're
not going to let
that happen again.
>>NOORY: Is that pretty
indicative of readings
for people--
what you just did?
>>BARNETT: Absolutely.
When we start to look at why
souls have come and embodied
now, and part of what
their purpose is--
and I often say, our
purpose is not one thing.
And this was kind
of amazing to me
because really,
the Record Keepers
were talking about Atlantis
and the great floods.
And here, she does
flood control as a job,
which I've never met anybody
who does that before.
So that was very wild.
But it's very
indicative of who we
are as people, and the things we
love to do, and what draws us.
>>NOORY: I've always
believed in reincarnation
as a process of getting
better and better and better
in lives and perfection,
that we don't step backwards,
but we're constantly going
forwards, getting more
to that heavenly perfection.
Do you agree with that?
>>BARNETT: I absolutely do.
The Record Keepers
kind of show it to me,
almost like if you were
starting a pearl necklace.
And your first life,
where you really
actualized whatever
that gift was
is the first pearl
on the necklace.
And then you have a second
and third and fifth and 10th.
And eventually,
have a lovely pearl
necklace, and that is your--
one of your great gifts, one
of those gifts you've honed.
And you come back
again and again
to share it with humanity.
>>NOORY: I had heard,
Lisa, that all the people
we have associated
with in our life,
we have done that
before in past lives.
So somewhere along the
line, I interviewed you,
or you interviewed me,
something like that.
You agree with that?
>>BARNETT: I really do.
I believe that we run,
again, in circles.
And there's thousands
of us in the circle,
but we see each other
again and again.
And it may be that
in a past life
you were a neighbor, or
somebody I worked with, or could
have been very different.
Maybe we were writing
books together
hundreds and hundreds
of years ago.
>>NOORY: Is there ever
a gap in your life,
in your reincarnated lives?
And by that I mean is it
sequential, or does it break,
and you come back 50
years later or something?
>>BARNETT: Yeah.
So we can come back quickly,
or I think sometimes we
take a really long break.
[LAUGHS] I think the way I
hear it is, is that often,
it's 50 or 100 of
our human years,
which is very different
from other energy
because they don't
have time and space.
So for us, it might be 50 years.
It might be 100.
It might even be 500.
I've seen souls that
really take a long break.
They say, you know, I'm kind of
done with the energy on Earth
now.
I'm not going back for a while.
>>NOORY: What fascinates you
about the Akashic Records?
Because you're
excitable about it.
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] Yeah.
I find it so fascinating
because it really
explains a lot of about who
we are now and why we came.
And I find it also
phenomenal when
we can look at our
other lifetimes
and realize who we've
been and what we've done.
Because so often
humans feel like,
oh, I'm just this little person.
How could I write a book,
or be on George's show?
But when we look
at other lifetimes,
and we realize that we have
been authors, and healers,
and inventors, and leaders, and
teachers all around the world,
then we go, oh, well, OK.
Why not, then?
>>NOORY: How do we know
we're on the right path
of righteousness?
>>BARNETT: When our life
flows with ease and grace,
I believe we are always
on the right path.
>>NOORY: Do we ever divert
and take the road not taken?
>>BARNETT: We love to do that.
I think it's one of
our favorite things
because we have free will.
So we wrote that
into the whole plan.
So we get to make a choice.
Sometimes we think that
might be easy, but boring.
That might be
scary and exciting.
Maybe I'll try that.
And it may or may
not work out so well.
But what the Record
Keepers always say
is we learn and grow
from those experiences.
>>NOORY: It's one of
the greatest poems
that Robert Frost ever wrote, by
the way, "The Road not Taken."
Because it ends with it made
all the difference in the world
by taking the other path.
And that's like life, isn't it?
>>BARNETT: Yes, absolutely.
And that's why we come
really embodying again
and again is to learn
and grow, to have
these phenomenal experiences.
How many worlds can you have the
experiences that we have here?
And so we're enjoying it.
We're loving other
people, sunsets, sunrises,
all of the creation
and creativity
that we have as souls embodied.
We don't have that when
we're not embodied,
and so we love it.
And I'm going to say that
that enthusiasm always
kind of rubs off on me
when I'm in the Records.
>>NOORY: Are we talking
to the Akashic Records
as if it communicates with us?
Does it work that way?
>>BARNETT: Absolutely.
Yes.
>>NOORY: It does.
>>BARNETT: We can ask
them specific questions,
and they will give
us specific answers.
So when I do a
reading for a client
I always tell them,
come in with questions
because we want to
meet you where you are,
with what you're interested in.
>>NOORY: Let's do that reading
you talked about on me.
>>BARNETT: OK.
>>NOORY: How do we do that?
>>NOORY: What do I do?
>>BARNETT: So [LAUGHS] you
don't have to do anything.
That's the easy part, right?
>>NOORY: Finally, I don't
have to do anything.
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] I know.
I love it.
So you just get to
be George, and I
am going to call in-- we
ask the Akashic Record
Keepers to encircle us in
the beautiful Akashic energy
of light and love, and we
ask them to connect us up
into your Akashic Record.
And so I just feel that
energy swirling around.
I don't know if
you're very sensitive.
But to me right now,
it's feeling kind of
like a cool breeze, and there's
so much love coming in for you.
So it's interesting
because they immediately
are saying that you are very,
very Pleiadian, if you ever
believe and think about
starseeds or other planets
and worlds you're from.
>>NOORY: I've never
thought of that.
I've thought of it in terms
of other people, but not me.
>>BARNETT: Yeah.
[LAUGHS] Well, you
are very Pleiadian.
And the fascinating
thing with the Pleiadians
is that part of their whole
purpose in embodying--
so the way the Record
Keepers explain
it is that your soul
has thousands of lives,
and many of them took
place in the Pleiades.
>>NOORY: Another star system.
>>BARNETT: In another-- yes.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>BARNETT: And so you
have that information
stored in your Akash.
And so that is part of
your soul, your wisdom,
and your gifts.
And that energy says, I want
to come back and embody now,
and I want to help
humanity awaken.
>>NOORY: Any idea why
I left the Pleiadians
to come to planet Earth?
>>BARNETT: Because you have a
gift to help humanity awaken,
and you've done it in
many other lifetimes.
But just think about
it, George, right?
Here you are sharing all of
this awakening information
with humanity through--
>>NOORY: With
millions of people.
>>BARNETT: With
millions and millions
through this and
"Coast to Coast."
So it's phenomenal
that you, as one soul,
have done so much
to awaken humanity.
>>NOORY: Do you see any
downside in my Akashic Records
in the beginning?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] You have
some other more mundane lives.
But I actually see you as
a monk or priest writing--
writing books.
If you can--
>>NOORY: Transcribing books?
>>BARNETT: Yeah.
Transcribing books.
You know how they wrote
the beautiful, with all
the gorgeous calligraphy.
And you would copy one
book because it was all
done by hand.
And in that life, which is
many hundreds of years ago,
that one-- well, that
one's around 1100
AD is what I'm hearing, you
were very devoted to God,
to the divine, to source, and
again, awakening humanity.
And so you were a monk, and
you were transcribing bibles,
really, and helping people
to get that information out
into the world.
>>NOORY: Maybe I
wrote the Bible.
>>BARNETT: Well, [LAUGHS] I
think that was a group effort,
but you may have
been there also.
>>NOORY: Or a couple
chapters at least.
>>BARNETT: Right, right.
Well, when we wrote,
edited, rewrote, I
am hearing actually that
you were at one point
part of a collective of--
they're saying 12--
humans at that point, who
came together and decided
what was appropriate to be
in the Bible and what was not.
>>NOORY: Now, when you
just said they are saying.
Who's talking to you?
>>BARNETT: The Record Keepers.
Your Record Keeper.
So you have a library, and you
have Akashic Record Keepers
who are your librarian.
>>NOORY: Are they
happy with my lives?
>>BARNETT: They are very
happy with your lives, George.
>>NOORY: They don't have
any complaints, no problems?
>>BARNETT: Look
what you've done.
You have-- they're
saying, you have
surpassed your soul purpose.
You have done more
than your soul ever
expected you would do.
>>NOORY: I exceeded my levels.
>>BARNETT: Yes.
You totally, totally exceeded
all expectations of you,
your soul, when you
wrote that plan.
>>NOORY: So what will
my next life be like?
>>BARNETT: Wow.
>>NOORY: I mean,
how do I top this?
>>BARNETT: They're saying that
it will actually be even better
because it will be one
where we have learned--
it's a process learn
to come into bodies,
and for our bodies to live a
long and healthy life again.
>>NOORY: When do you
stop reincarnating?
>>BARNETT: Most of us stop
reincarnating when we have
completed all of our plans.
We've really worked through
all of our contracts.
We've gotten-- we've finished
all the karmic patterns.
We've learned everything
we've come to learn.
And then we either
go back and start
incarnating on other worlds.
Or we eventually return
to source and say,
I'm good with just
being one again.
>>NOORY: Humanity has good
people, and it has bad people.
Do you ever see that
changing, where the good
starts to win out all the time?
>>BARNETT: Yes, I actually do.
And that is one of
the beautiful pieces
that I see in the
Akashic Records.
So because it's complicated,
and we have free will,
we, as a collective group of
humanity, can jump timelines,
and that's what we've been
doing in the last 30, 40 years,
is we were going from a
possibility of creating World
War III and really
destroying our planet.
>>NOORY: Destroying ourselves.
>>BARNETT: And so many
lightworkers came and--
>>NOORY: Is that off the table?
>>BARNETT: That's off the table.
>>NOORY: You promise?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] Yes.
>>NOORY: Why are so
many people imbalanced?
>>BARNETT: Well, because,
again, thousands of years ago
we lived in a world that it
was very divine feminine.
The divine mother
was really honored.
There was great love and a kind
of grace and energy of balance.
And then, again, energetically,
things start to change,
and the divine masculine
became more powerful,
and it turned more
into human masculinity.
So war, overcoming,
gaining, winning wars,
getting more land, all of
that won out in our world.
And so now, it's time
to bring balance back.
>>NOORY: How many projects
are you working on these days?
>>BARNETT: [LAUGHS] A lot.
[LAUGHS] Many books, always.
Always love to bring out
more books into the world,
and teaching classes because
the Record Keepers said to me,
it's time for humanity
to be able to access
their own personal
Akashic Records.
And so I'm teaching
more classes.
>>NOORY: And people are
accessing their Records?
>>BARNETT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And you're
happy with that?
>>BARNETT: It's-- yes.
It's so lovely.
>>NOORY: How do people find you?
>>BARNETT: People find me on my
website at akashicknowing.com.
And you can always find
my online workshops,
and my three books
are on Amazon.
So I am pretty available.
Still doing some
Akashic readings
and healing sessions
for clients.
And classes starting
all the time.
>>NOORY: But you're
bullish on humanity.
>>BARNETT: Yes, I think that
we're going to pull it out.
[LAUGHS] I am.
>>NOORY: Well,
that's encouraging.
>>BARNETT: It is encouraging.
Working in the Akashic
Records is very encouraging.
And so-- because these
beautiful, divine beings
of light are helping
us and supporting us.
And we are actually awakening.
So more people are
accessing the Records.
More people are waking up to the
fact that we are divine souls,
and we do have a
mission, and that mission
is love, and really awakening.
And so as more and
more people start
to remember and
start to be the love,
then we will shift the
trajectory of humanity,
and we will move
from war to peace
to enlightenment eventually.
>>NOORY: Hopefully
sooner than later.
>>BARNETT: I'm with you, George.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Lisa, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>BARNETT: Thank you so much.
It's been a joy.
>>NOORY: You now, when our
staff from "Beyond Belief"
told me that she was going
to give me an Akashic Record
reading, I thought
for one moment,
how do I get into those
Records and change some things?
Well, after listening
to Lisa, I realize
I don't have to change anything.
I am who I am, and so are you.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]